Foxigami's contest entry - by Foxigami
Difficulty – Normal
Player – Reimu (default)
Playthrough - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4MgyWQ-DwQ

Creativity – 2/5
For the most part, is was just Shou & Kaguya attacking together with nothing particularly special being done with this team up. And even then I felt both were underutilized with the only things really symbolizing Shou were her curvy lasers and Kaguya her rainbow bullets (and memetic Seamless Ceiling)

Aesthetics – 2/5
There is many aspects missing here. There is no death effect for the player, there's no effect at all for beating any spells, and hell, there aren't even any sound effects for any of the enemy bullets

Spell Grading – 5.33/10 (8/15 total)

Non-spell 1 – 8/10
Not bad for an opening non-spell. Kaguya's contribution felt more like something Eirin would fire however, but all in all, not bad and a good opening to what they can both do.

Treasure Sign? “Why Is Kinkaku-ji On Fire?” - 6/10
There is an excessive amount of time when there's just nothing going on when you start the spell. And it's not until the spell's almost over do you start to see the two's attacks work together, for the most part it's Kaguya's wave hits, then Shou's, then Kaguya, and only then do you start having to contend with them together. 

Non-spell 2 – 8/10
Honestly, not half bad. Shou's attacks are hard to read, but predictable once you get used to it, and it works well with keeping an offhand notice of Kaguya's shots. I do feel you're hardly given enough time to react to what the yellow lasers are about to do however.

wait... “Isn't That Watatsuki no Yorihime's Mirror?” - 6/10
This... while I think it has potential for something interesting, it just feels like a mess. The random nature of the lasers makes me feel like it's annoyingly common to just get walled out by fire. Couple that with the fact that... Kaguya really doesn't seem like she's adding anything to the pattern. Just occasional random rainbow bullets for the sake of adding more bullets? It really feels like I'm dealing with two contradictory spells here instead of two attacks that work well together.

Umm “I Am Pretty Sure This Is Static” - 1/10
Why yes it is static. So static that if you scoot just a little off to the left of center, you win. 

The Most Glorious Treasure/GET STICKBUGGED LOL – 3/10
This is just a random, unfun mess of high speed bullets and lasers that would be hard enough to avoid by themselves, but together it just turns into a mess that makes you just want to wait for it to be over


Final Score – 12/25
This feels unfinished, unpolished, and also feels like the end of this script was whipped together at the last second to get the minimum 6 spells for the contest. The initial four spells aren't unsalvageable, but they could use a lot of work. The non-spells with Shou & Kaguya both doing their own thing work well, however for the spell cards they're really not working well together with Shou and Kaguya pretty much doing their own thing that doesn't really mesh with one another. Try to think of ways these two attacks can compliment one another as opposed to just having two bullet spawners on the field.