Wonderful Portal to Arcadia by zino & rakaasac
Difficulty - Normal (default)
Character - Marisa (default)
Playthrough - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDbCGSIq7rU

Creativity – 5/5
Great use of her dolls. I particularly like how you had them doing many different things, such as the rebounding lasers or their group suicide bombing. This isn't just a script that consists of Alice having a slew of dolls surrounding her shooting in all directions or at you.

Aesthetics – 5/5
Really well done, really creative. I like the unique designs you've got going on and I adore the really pixelated design you gave everything, from the players to the boss to the bullets. Only thing is, I wish the lasers and Marisa's options (which are Reimu's balls for some reason?) matched the same art-style. It's not enough to detract, but it is a tad clashing here.
Side note, I like the second Alice design you have going on, and I absolutely LOVE how the main melody to the song doesn't kick in until you reach her point in the fight. I really wish there was a character cut-in graphic for when a new spell card comes, but you do enough cool stuff aside from that, that I'm not going to detract for the lack of that.

Spell Grading – 8/10 (12/15 total)

Non-spell 1 - 8/10
Simple and works, though a little too simple in my opinion. Hug the bottom and get to the gap in 3-4 small waves. Simple is good for an opening non-spell, but there's really not much going on here, even for that much

Doll Sign ~ 'Return Inanimate' - 9/10
A good idea that works really well. I like the dodging of random bullets, while also making sure you don't stay put for too long, and push ahead of the aimed lines of bullets.

Non-spell 2 - 8/10
Not bad, though I do have to say, it's essentially just retreading the same path the last spell had. The lasers come out faster, and the bullet pattern from Alice is different. However, you're still repeating the same steps of staying under Alice and moving a bit to the side back and forth each time the aimed shots set on your position

The Girl Who Played With People's Shapes - 7/10
I do really like this one, however the nature of the purple wave I feel needs work. From a mechanics standpoint, I like the lasers forcing you around, and then having to dodge bullets in that zone until you get an opening to get out. But the purple wave just graphically blends together too much, giving the illusion at times of not being able to find an escape, and other times is set up so it literally is a wall of bullets.

Non-spell 3 - 9/10
I really like this one. You've got a lot going on and expect the player to go all over. You've got the dolls setting up lasers in a rebound fashion, so you've gotta find a good place to hang out in before they activate as you dodge the bullets. All in all, every aspect of this spell works very well together.

Pyrochor at Dawn - 9/10
Also nice use of the dolls. I especially appreciate that it's not just aimed burst at you that explode. You've got the initial two, but then you've gotta keep an eye out for Alice's warning lasers, getting away from them and getting ready for another explosion in the middle

Apocalypse Clock - 7/10
I'm... kinda unsure of what's going on here, or what the intended solution is. You've got dolls setting up large bullets that do next to nothing, a warning from the bottom that doesn't seem to be warning from much, with the only real threat in this spell being a single doll that'll fire a couple waves of aimed bullets at you. Just hang out close to Alice and it's a spell where for most of the time, there's really not much of anything threatening going on for the lion's share of the spell

Through The Looking Glass - 7/10
This spell feels counter intuitive, with the mechanics working against each other. So you've got Alice aiming at her dolls, giving the player the idea that they need to get out of dodge before she fires. However, you're barely given enough time to react between when the warning laser comes, and when the giant laser does. But barring that, the giant mess of bullets that surround you is so dense, that even if you knew she's about to laser in your direction, you could never realistically get out of there in time. This all made worse by the fact that said bullets are made harder to read since the screen keeps shaking with each laser shot. IT makes it so the spell feels more like a game of chance as you do your best to dodge the bullets and all the while just hoping no lasers come your way.

Final Score – 22/25
Some really creative ideas on display, but the barrenness of the latter spells I feel is what really hurt this. Some idea's here work really well, while others I feel could use some more polish in the design department. Mainly in the factor of making it crystal clear to the player what exactly you expect them to do.