History ~ Story of a new world by Kagummi
Difficulty - Default
Character - Marisa
Playthrough - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUh4AFuEfXw

Creativity – 5/5
You had some good takes on what Keine did, but you also had some pretty unique takes on her as well. I particularly loved the time theme you had going on, such as touching the clocks reversed time, or keeping time from speeding up, or the reversing bullets.

Aesthetics – 4/5
It's a pretty script. Nothing amazing, but there is some unique stuff to be seen here. Nice title, nice HUD and the clock graphics were cool as well. I do question your music choice, but I'm not gonna let my taste in music detract from the score unless it's ostensibly bad. Though this remix sounds like Keine's original theme, but with half the melody ripped out so it just piddles out in the latter half.

Spell Grading – 7.89/10 (11.84/15 total)

Non-spell 1 - 8/10
Good opener, though it's essentially Keine's original non-spell. It works, but I was hoping for a bit more than that for a contest such as this

Distant Past “Primary ephemeral star” - 7/10
Hug the bottom and dodge what comes your way, and then do so for much too long. The gaps between the flames are wide, as are the stars, so there's gonna be many long periods of time where you're just staying put and not having to sorry about a single threat, just waiting for the spell to end.

Non-spell 2 - 9/10
This one's cool. It maintains the same type of origin of spinning shots Keine uses, but with two of them and a different style of shooting, it makes for a challenging and more unique attack

Psudo-History “Reconstruction of a legend” - 8/10
Very cool spell and I absolutely love how you have to avoid the clocks to prevent them from reversing time and messing up the talismans. My only issue is more on the engine side of things. At first I thought it was intended if you hit the clocks too much, but for some reason as the spell goes on the game slowly lags more and more for this spell, even if you avoid the clocks entirely. 

Non-spell 3 - 9/10
Interesting attack, and it works well for a non-spell. It comes off as very obtuse, but becomes much simpler once you realize the logic to it, and it doesn't overstay its welcome

Temporal breaks “Renew historical rules” - 9/10
I love the reversing bullets here, and I especially love how the initial reverse isn't much of a threat (since you're given clear warning before they reverse and hardly anything goes off screen). Rather the reversing flames aren't the challenge, it's all the overlap with the slow bullets still hanging around. It makes for a nice challenge of things to keep track of.

Yokai part “Hakutaku Strategy” - 8/10
I like the idea, I don't like the execution. In practice, it's a simple spell, but you add a very cool an unique flair that time'll speed up if you don't touch the clocks. Also cause of the nature of the spell, you don't have to touch them, but you have to prepare for zippy bullets if you don't.
What I don't like is that previously you were taught pretty clearly NOT to touch the clocks, but here you have to aim for them. It feels quite counter intuitive compared to what you taught the player beforehand. That, and touching the clocks doesn't even signify that it's a good thing in any way, rather you'll only realize it's a good thing when you see that the “bad thing” (bullets speeding up) isn't happening instead. It's fun once you know what you're doing, but this isn't well explained to the player

Spirit Vortex “Creation of another concept” - 7/10
BoWaP, but I have to get up in Keine's face. There's a lot going on in this spell, but a vast majority of it's ignorable (especially disappointed that there's a clock hand spinning around her that you can ignore completely). Just get as far away as you safely can from Keine and dodge whatever she fires, there's no real variation here aside from avoiding the clumped up portions

Hakutaku sign “chaos under the moon” - 6/10
Ending a script on a simple “hug the bottom and dodge what comes your way” is a disappointing end, even if you have her fire off “all of the bullet types” on the last phase. It's a painfully simple attack that leaves you feeling “wait, is that it?” by the time you beat it. Couple that with the fact that, despite being a spell card, it's showing the normal bamboo forest background, it really feels like there should be an actual final spell after that. It just leaves you feeling disappointed when all's said and done.

Final Score – 20.84/25
It started out pretty cool with some minor hiccups, but this script ended with a whimper rather than a bang. There were some cool ideas here, but there also were some questionable or unsatisfying ones. The script ultimately felt lacking more than anything.