Bad Apple! by bagoum
Difficulty - Normal
Character - Reimu (Type M)
Playthrough - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBeyePYV2ig

Creativity – 5/5
I absolutely love the harvest effect you've got going on for Elly's spells here, especially since yeah, that's very fitting considering that's what a scythe's for in the first place. So despite now really being what she pulled off back in LLS (which honestly, the only unique stuff she did then was scythe throwing tricks), it still ends up feeling quite fitting for her. Plus it also ties in nicely, what with her being Yuuka's subordinate.

Aesthetics – 5/5
An absolutely gorgeous script, hands down. The music was on point, the game itself looked great and the bullets looked phenomenal. Above all else though, I love how you had a lot of creative idea's in artistically doing more with the bullets than just having them being means of attacking the player.

Spell Grading – 8.63/10 (12.94/15 total)

Farmer's Song: Day-Labor, Light Denied - 9/10
I do have to say that this seems more like something Mystia would pull off, and odd to see here, but not bad. A nice opener that still gives you plenty of warning so the sudden drop in visibility won't kill you

Temporal Seal: Subtle Thief of Youth - 9/10
I love the design of this keeping you on your toes. The color changing of the petals is enough to give the player warning, and the lasers are subtle, but enough of a threat as well to get the player to start moving around as well

Galilean Counterproof: Silent Lawn-Mower - 8/10
I absolutely adore the “harvesting” theme this spell has, what with Elly cutting down the green lines of bullets. Then the apple falling with the curving orange bullets was a nice threat to keep you from getting complacent and just hanging out under her. Only thing I didn't like is how the green waves didn't really move much at all. They set up and then wiggled back and forth, essentially meaning you could just ignore them since they had no vertical movement at all, making them essentially decorative since you only need and want horizontal movement for this spell

Farmer's Song: Grim Reaper's Autumn Harvest - 9/10
Simple yet effective. The scythe chasing you was a nice callback to her original fight, and the leaves & apples was enough of a threat that you need to contend with while also keeping away from the scythe.

Temporal Seal: Canyon-Carving Scythe - 9/10
Interesting attack. Definitely a different one that adds variety to the fight so you have to keep track of stuff all around you. I do feel the speed makes it a little unnaturally mellow compared to what came before, but that's not a bad decision considering you need to keep track all around you

Eulogy: Two-Handed Engine at the Door - 6/10
Why are we just copying Eirin's Forbidden Medicine "Hourai Elixir"? There may be some differences here, but Eirin's signature laser grid stands out like a sore thumb. Plus, while Elly may have a different way of motivating you, the logic is still the same, forcing you to move around the perimeter of the field while jumping between that laser grid when you get an opening

Grieg's Grief: On the Hill of the Edelweiss Queen - 10/10
Simple, effective and beautiful. You've got different types of bullet waves coming at you at different rates that also make you move about the field as well, which is challenging enough and fitting here in its own right. But I absolutely adore how you also used this as a chance to create fitting flower designs with the danmaku as well.

Kepler's Law: First Stand of the Sun-Worshiper - 9/10
Again, similar to how I found her first card to be a little unfitting towards Elly, this too seems a little out there. At the same time though, a very fun final spell (and Elly is kinda one of those characters that make you go, well what is fitting for her). I like the progressive difficulty, I like the clear display of what you can and can't control and I like how it makes you move around a bunch as well.

Final Score – 22.94/25
A very gorgeous script all around with most being good or great and very few minor issues. The only thing I really didn't like was how I suddenly found myself facing off against one of Eirin's signature attacks in the middle of the fight. The idea would have been solid, but I wish the implementation was more original.