Wakasagihime by Lusushime~
Mode - Legacy
Difficulty - Hard (Default)
Character - Marisa (Default)
Playthrough - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QxQwq6V6oI

Creativity – 5/5
Definitely captures the feel of Wakasagihime, but also adds in some new stuff as well that's quite fitting. Different ways of simulating “waves” throughout the fight, and also throwing in a little bit of “Mermaid Siren's” as well. Very well done.

Aesthetics – 4/5
For the most part, aesthetically this is strictly speaking your standard Touhou fare. However, I did feel enough unique things were done with the bullets here to bump it up to a 4/5 instead of a 3/5. The ripple effects on her final spell were a nice touch and I loved the simulated tidal wave for Water Sign “Shifting Waves”.

Spell Grading – 8.9/10 (13.35/25 total)

Non-spell 1 - 9/10
Simple, but fitting and effective opening non-spell. I like the inclusion of the large bullets to potentially try and block you off, but they're never big enough to completely wall you

Fish Sign “Swimming With the Fishes” - 9/10
Also a solid follow-up. Simple, yet fitting for the first spell card. It may be just a basic case of hugging the bottom and dodging what comes your way, but there is still a variety here with two distinctly different styles of bullets that come down, plus you will need to deal with moments of dodging the blue and cyan waves together at the same time.

Non-spell 2 - 9/10
I like the last burst in the pattern, I feel that saves it from being a bit too boring. At first it gives me a feeling of “is that it?” with the simple attacks over and over, but that large burst at the end that sends bullets coming at a variety of angles (as opposed to all the previous ones being just straight) does add a solid challenge, especially since you're surrounded by bullets at that point

Hidden Move “Surf” - 9/10
Very cute naming. A nice challenge and a nice design with the bullets as well. I like how there's enough of a randomness in the wavy bullets that they won't wall you off, but there's enough variance that you can't just keep going back and forth. You will need to adjust your path depending on how they come.

Non-spell 3 - 9/10
The notes come out a little overbearing, but open to clear gaps right near the end. Very fitting, and works out great for a non-spell, and I like how it leads into the following spell card

Echo Sign “Siren's Alluring Song” - 9/10
I like how it's symmetrical, but there's enough of a density so I can't just hang out in the middle and zigzag a little bit to dodge this. You need to keep track of the whole pattern at once zipping up and around the center cluster, or backing away as the crisscrossing waves reach you. 

Non-spell 4 - 9/10
Simple, yet solid. Works well for a non-spell, and has a fitting difficulty for this point in the fight (both with what came before it and what came after). Not terribly complex, but I can't really think of any ways it could be better.

Water Sign “Shifting Waves” - 10/10
I love the design here and love the shifting challenge as well. Waggy Saggy herself leads you away so you're not caught unaware by the horizontal waves (since that's an abnormality in Touhou). Then you can quickly learn what your new, upcoming threat is and get into position, getting into the rhythm of this spell with the quickness.

“Guidance Through the Misty Lake” - 8/10
Good, but kinda left me wanting more. The logic of it is very sound, and I liked the idea of showing you the path, and then you have to do it “blind”. Very fitting for the Misty Lake. That said, this game of “Simon” felt like it dragged on a bit much with no real uptick in difficulty. By the time you're doing the four part wave, you've already got this pattern completely figured out and there's a fifth one after it. A good idea, I just wish there was more variety of patterns done with it.

“Ripple of Rebellion” - 8/10
I love the ripple effect you've got going on, but that doesn't really save it from the fact that this spell is... well it's just circle danmaku. A very clever idea and it was fun to dodge the waves as they “activated and deactivated”. Just, I think it would be better if as she reached the different phases, it wasn't just adding more circles, it was slightly different shaped waves entirely. Something to add some variety to the attack.

Final Score – 22.35/25
All around a very fun and solid script with extremely minor complaints all in all. It doesn't really have any spectacular bells and whistles (what with it being all default graphics and what not). But as far as the bullet patterns are considered, a very solid and very fun fight. There may not have been much that really “wowed” me, but at the same time I also had very few issues as well.