Citrine Resurrection by Syoudre
Difficulty - Normal
Character - Sumireko (default)
Playthrough - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtTkM8m7YgQ

Creativity – 5/5
While I do think actually using literal “orange” bullets in this battle was a bit too on the nose, it was still an interesting and creative way of adding some creativity and flair to a boss who, if we're being honest, has next to no defining features from her original fight back in LLS

Aesthetics – 4/5
Definitely some impressive stuff to be seen all around. Very creative attacks and graphics with nice music. The only thing that's stopping this from being a perfect score is that there was no effect for destroying the oranges (an aspect that's fairly common, appearing in multiple parts of the script). It's a minor thing, but I do have to honestly say it's the difference between perfection and not.


Spell Grading – 8.44/10 (12.67/15)

Non-spell 1 - 9/10
Definitely an opening non-spell that'll wake you up. It comes out looking like a fairly normal attack, but having the bullets bounce off the edges like that was a simple, yet really nice touch that adds to the complexity of the attack without seeming absurd for an opener

Orange Fall - 9/10
Nice attack, and fitting attack all things considered. It is ultimately just basic streaming, but the threat of falling oranges on your head and being incentivised to blast them does mix it up a bit.

Non-spell 2 - 8/10
Truth be told, I kinda feel like this may have been more fitting for an opener comparatively. As is though, this is kinda a let down and incredibly mellow compared to what came before. Not bad, but I feel it could have used a little more spice to it 

Old Twister - 9/10
I would have preferred you didn't follow a streaming spell card with another streaming spell card. But it's not really bad, but does give me a “more of the same” vibe. Still fun and is an interesting take on it considering you can't mindlessly stream with all the bouncing bullets around you

Non-spell 3 - 8/10
Fun attack, but I do feel it's a little too mellow in its intensity. Compared to everything that came before, there's A LOT of down time here, and you're allowed to just hang out and not move with no threat coming your way.

Decoration Wall - 7/10
Once you get past what it just did and dissect it, this is a very simple spell that had a fairly annoying way of going about doing it. The walls activating and giving you a lot less room to dodge is interesting, but I hate how they activate and Orange starts shooting at the same time. It makes it so you instantly have to react to what she's doing while not expecting at all that you'd be in her face. But she herself is firing a very simple pattern that just involves hugging the bottom and zigzagging while oranges surround you and... honestly do nothing. They surround you with bullets, but you don't want to go to where those bullets are anyways, so they're purely decorative. Ultimately, this is the simplest of simple spells with a lot of flair to make you think there's more to it than there really is.

Non-spell 4 - 8/10
Very fun and a very great uptick in intensity compared to what came before. Only thing I don't like is the falling oranges, but by merit of what came before. Beforehand, with her similar spell card Orange Fall, the spell card was based around the idea of you easily destroying those oranges. Here however you've got what appears to be the same logic of attack, but you can't seem to destroy those oranges (or at least, not nearly as easy). It gives an unfair feeling of suddenly changing the rules that you introduced with no warning.

Citron Cartwheel - 8/10
Simple but effective, but I do feel is a tad too mellow for both her penultimate spell and off what came before as well. It works, but I would have preferred a bit more (and maybe even being able to damage Orange as well, rather it being a time out). As is, it kinda gives me a feeling of “is that it?” as this fairly simple spell goes on.

Citrine Resurrection - 10/10
Very clever and interesting design and a fun finisher to boot. Though I do have to say, with the primary being “destroy the oranges” it does make the lack of explosion effect on them stand out like a sore thumb here. Even still, fun spell that keeps you on your toes as you keep watch all around you that transitions to a fun little “Orange throws everything at you” that also leaves you zones you can get trapped in so you can't get too complacent. Though minor thing, I really don't think it was necessary to spell out to the player that “the shield is down, now you can hurt her”. Personally, I feel that much is self explanatory.

Final Score – 21.67/25

A very fun and creative script all around. I think there were some minor issues, but they were just that, very minor and affected the final score in small ways. I really liked the interesting ways you went about making unique danmaku styles for Orange, even though a lot of it was comically having her throw literal oranges at you. 