The Stillborn Idol of God Ebisu by Kusa
Difficulty - Default
Character - Reimu (default)
Playthrough - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVH6yWAsAS4

Creativity – 5/5
Very clever script. I like what you did with her spells and I really like the rock stacking theme you had going on here (especially when you started literally having to stack rocks). A very creative and interesting take on Eika's attacks

Aesthetics – 4/5
Your standard Touhou fare with nothing that really jumps out at me, however the custom HUD is a nice touch. Enough to bump it from a 3/5 to a 4/5

Spell Grading – 8.6/10 (12.9/15 total)

Non-spell 1 - 9/10
A nice opening non-spell. It definitely keeps you on your toes and has a lot of different stuff going on without getting overwhelming. 

Song Sign “Stone and Perseverance” - 9/10
Also very good for an opening spell card. I like the rock stacking for Eika, and the way they'd transform into notes is a nice way to add spice to the spell card. 

Non-spell 2 - 9/10
It works really well and has similarities to the last non-spell without seeming like it's just a harder version. I like how you maintained the crisscrossing bullets while now having the player need to move vertically to avoid them through the lines of bullets

Stone Sign “Stone Cage” - 9/10
A good use of space, I like how the initial waves force you to deal with vertical, then horizontal shots. But rather than being able to dodge them the easy way, you've then got diagonal shots aimed at you forcing you to move up or down at an angle. A good way to keep you moving around the field.

Non-spell 3 - 8/10
Not bad, though it does feel a little bullet spammy. IT does get the job done, and it is harder than the previous non-spells. However I wish it had a bit more structure like those did as well

Stone Game “Stone Stacking” - 8/10
I love the concept, I don't like the execution. I love the idea, the rock stacker making you have to stack “rocks” yourself, but in execution it feels really underutilized. Not only is stacking them completely optional, but oftentimes Eiki will fire them to zones you could never reasonably reach. It's a gimmick that you're quite frankly better off ignoring completely and just letting the bullets hit the floors and walls.

Non-spell 4 - 9/10
Again, it feels a little too bullet spammy, but even still, I like the different styles of bullets you've got here. Unlike before, you can't just hang low and dodge what comes your way, you need vertical movement to dodge the notes that then gets harder when the smaller bullets join in

Fortune Sign “Blessing from the Fortune God” - 9/10
Not bad, it does feel a little odd for Eiki, but does give me “jellyfish” vibes. I like how the mix of direct attacks, angled attacks and lines of talismans keep you moving around all over the place.

Stone Trap “Jellyfish Maze” - 7/10
Not really a fan of this one. And interesting idea when you're quickly trying to activate the squares, but once you do you... really don't have to do much. Hang low or in the corner and you really don't have to dodge much of anything. The spell has bursts of “this is interesting” to long periods of “this is boring”

“Stillborn Idol of God Ebisu” - 9/10
It's your traditional “boss throws everything at you” spell. But I like the angled pink and green bullets that are akin to what she pulled off before, but I also really like the addition of the stacked black bullets that fall on you. Very fitting for Eiki, and adds something to the spell that isn't coming from her.

Final Score – 21.9/25
Not a bad script, however nothing really gripped and wowed me, but the biggest thing is that some of the more clever spells I felt fell somewhat flat. Not bad idea's, but I wish they were better implemented. The script starts out quite well, but doesn't really stick the landing.