Untitled Kagerou Script by Badz
Difficulty - Normal
Character - Reimu (default)
Playthrough - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV3SO6b3rVc

Creativity – 5/5
You did a great job of incorporating Kagerou's attacks into this. It definitely fits the theme to a tee, this is most definitely a final-boss Kagerou. 

Aesthetics – 3/5
IT does look nice, but you're also missing some things. For the most part, it's your standard Touhou fare, though the custom HUD for was a nice touch. However at the same time, you're missing a character cut-in for Kagerou's spell cards

Spell Grading – 8.89/10 (13.34/15 total)

Non-spell 1 - 9/10
A good opener. It starts out simple, but the flames add a bit more challenge to it for when you deal with the then identical second wave, but with the additional bullets now

Transformation “Red Eyes in the Night” - 9/10
I like the way the knives force you to the sides, and the way you went about doing so. A simple, yet neat and fitting effect all things considered, while the movements of the regular bullets never felt like they were gonna unfairly trap you

Non-spell 2 - 9/10
Neat way to add onto what she pulled off before, while also sticking to Kagerou's style of attack. Essentially the same style of blast as the initial non-spell, but have her move around a lot more and add in a second style of wave too.

Wolf Sign “Hunting Pack of Three” - 8/10
On paper, not bad. In concept however, I feel it could use a bit more stuff going on. It looks cool, but when you get right down to it, there's not much threatening actually coming your way. Hang out in the lower middle between the wolf waves, then you'll just have to dodge a scant few bullets from the sides, and move to the side a little when Kagerou dashes at you

Non-spell 3 - 9/10
A nice juxtaposition in attacks, this works really well. The same praise I gave you for your first non-spell, I like the way you lean the player into what they're gonna be dealing with with the first wave, then add to that with another wave of bullets on future waves.

Evil Spirit “Wendigo's Hunger” - 10/10
I really love all the stuff you've got going on here. Essentially you just wanna get away, to put as much room as you can from you and the flames, and also blue bullets as well. But I like how it's designed so you can't just completely run away at all times, or else you'll accidentally trap yourself.

Non-spell 4 - 8/10
Not bad, I just feel it could have used a little bit more compared to what came before and after it. Lasers pinning you down while she shoots bullets at you does work well, however the lasers are hardly active for long. That, coupled with the fact that the bullets are so spread out makes it so you don't have to focus on both at once, you can safely keep shifting your attention from one to the other.

Evil Spirit “Rougarou's Round” - 8/10
On one hand, it looks really cool. On the other hand, it does feel a little underwhelming compared to what it could be. Kagerou dashing around and the massive swarm of red bullets is largely ignorable. It's a “wall” that forces you to move in a circle. So as such, the only thing you're really concerned about is the few blue bullets you'll be maneuvering around.

Howling Sign “Echoing Chorus” - 10/10
This by comparison, I really like how you've got the two waves working together. The large bullets work as a nice labyrinth to maneuver through, but you've also gotta keep ahead of Kagerou and dodge the red bullets as well. Everything works really well together, and it looks really cool as well to boot.

Final Score – 21.34/25
And all around good script. It had some stuff that really impressed me, but also some stuff I felt could use a little work. Nothing egregious though, and with a little more work I feel this script could have ended up being really good. As such though, it's just a fun script to play.