LASER MIKO by CRESTEDPEAK9
(Judged by TresserT)

Nonspell 1: (3/10)
	...This is not off to a good start.
	The lasers spawn VERY quickly, I didn't even realize what was going on before I died.
	They also despawn in a very awkwardly. I can't tell when the hitbox exists and when it doesn't.
	The way the lasers move, its difficult to stay under Miko to end a mechanically bad pattern...
	...and when you get past all that, all you have to do is move back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.

Spell 1: (6/10)
	This is pretty nice. The way the Miko laser spawns makes it hard to stay under Miko, but this time in a good way.
	You have to first get Miko in place, then redirect it. The rain of bullets is there to hold you back from doing that.
	My complaint is that, while this isn't a bad spell, there's nothing particularly amazing about it either. 
	Misdirection combined with spam is a very basic concept, and this spell doesn't do anything special with it.

Nonspell 2: (7/10)
	A bit repetitive and a bit bland, but it's effective.
	The spinny things force you to get close to Miko, which is scary since the laser lanes are so tight (and get even tighter the closer you get to Miko).
	I'd recommend making it more apparent as to when the lasers are going to switch directions though. It can be pretty hard to tell sometimes.

Spell 2: (4/10)
	It isn't very clear how the curvy lasers are going to move until they're curving right into you. This makes the spell very frustrating.
	Its also kind of bland; all you're doing is micrododging between beams.
	You generally don't have to dodge very far vertically, so the fact that the lasers form walls that way doesn't make too huge of a difference.
	Maybe add something that forces the player to move around a bit more.

Nonspell 3: (5/10)
	WARNING BULLETS FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN
	This has all the same problems as the first nonspell, except now I get a bullet up my butt because I didn't realize the curvy lasers would come back up from behind me.
	That said, its slightly better than the first one, as once you get past the cheapshot it IS a bit more interesting than just "back and forth, back and forth, back and forth".

Spell 3: (7/10)
	It took me a second to figure out what was going on, but once I did this wound up being a really neat spell.
	The way Miko moves around forces you to do some really weird dodges.	
	I DO have to complain again, as there's no indication that the red lasers will curve up and hit you from behind.
	However, even so I still really like this pattern.

Overall: (32/60 = 53%)
	The thing bringing this script down the most is the cheap shots.
	I recommend making your own laser function if you know how, as right now its incredibly hard to tell when your lasers have hitboxes and when they don't.
	Alternatively, spacing out your lasers a bit more (not having them rapid fire, right next to each other) would probably help.
	Also, spawning weird moving bullets right next to the player (or having them come up from behind the player) with no warning is generally not a good idea.