Awalys - Aya

Spell 1 - I think it's a bit unintuitive as to how you're supposed to avoid the purple kunai. It took me a while to figure out the successful strategy of dodging through them during the brief moment that they stop following you while they're still intangible. I like the pattern otherwise though and it's a cool evolution of a well-known Aya pattern
Non 2 - Really cool idea with the purple bullets, even if the pattern is a bit too fast for my liking.
Spell 2 - I know it's kind of the point of the spell, but I think you overdid it a bit on the movement restricting nature of the patterns that Aya shoots here. In order to reliably hit her, your best chance is to move in advance to where she's going to be before she fires the bullets. And even that isn't totally reliable as there seems to be some randomness as to which direction she moves from the center (unless it alternates or something). It's a bit frustrating and takes ages to actually deplete her life. It almost might be safer to just time it out.
Spell 3 - Another cool concept but it also is another spell that's really annoying to kill since about half the time Aya is out of reach while at the bottom of the screen. It's also cool how she dashes to you while you're narrowly dodging the large wave of bullets but it's hard to notice her approaching before it's too late to react to her close range camera shot. In all, the spell is probably too hard, like most of the script IMO.

General Notes - The revolver gimmick is a REALLY unique idea but I feel that it could have been executed in a less frustrating way. Aya is really mobile, making it hard to land shots on her. While I'm sure that is the point, the shots that you do manage to land do so little damage that every pattern pretty much cycles through at least 4 times, which makes everything a bit tedious (I feel that Spell 2 is particularly bad about that). Add the above average difficulty to the mix and you've got a super inventive but sometimes aggravating script. One of the easiest things you could do IMO to lessen that is to make it so dying doesn't make you reload again from 0, I felt that was particularly unnecessary. This was definitely a hard one to rate.