CC Review - Lefkada's Lily and Letty.
no humor in the title because effort

Danmaku Quality - The first nonspell is quite fun to play! The second nonspell starts off feeling like a variation of the first, but it's a lot more diverse than the first and is also pretty fun. I don't see much of Lily here so far, though.

(At this point I damage Lily more than Letty, meaning she's the primary boss next)

The first spell is quite fun, though it seems like you actually have to try to NOT hit Letty and hit (and subsequently fight) Lily due to how she moves. Letty still feels like the centerpiece but perhaps that's soon to change?

The third nonspell is full of interesting variations of Lily's signature thing. The bullet velocity reversal can feel a bit jarring sometimes and kill the player, maybe have all of them slow to a stop before reversing like the first wave? Feels like a large difficulty spike since the gaps are quite small but it could be a personal thing for me. The second spell (which didn't display a spell name for some reason? Maybe because I was bombing?) is neat, but it boils down to slow micrododging and takes quite a while. 

The third spell is visually awesome but also is slow micrododging, which is fine but also pretty similar to lots of earlier patterns. 

The fourth spell is a nice way to finish the script and certainly feels like the opposite of them working together. Still micrododging but it's a bit faster and visually appealing.

...or it doesn't finish the script because there's a last spell. Which I promptly failed at and died to sooooooo ok.

Overall, danmaku quality is a solid 7. There's still room for more variety and improvement but it's really enjoyable overall.

Originality and Creativity: You earn a 6.5 from me. Lots of neat ideas every if they're a bit repetitive. Especially liked naming a spell "Contradictory Catastrophe"!

Visuals: Visual effects were great! A custom game frame, nice backgrounds and even cute little hearts for the boss healthbars! This earns a 3.25 from me.

7+6.5+3.25 = 16.75.