Lunarthic-

OK scoring was identical with same comments so here:


Background was bright. There seems to be a lot of random in here, random makes things look sloppy, but it was an OK script. 

Phantom total: 6/10


Friend total: 6/10

Total: 12/20


Bob the Tanuki -

Like the latter, comments were nearly identical, but scoring was different:

A really well made script, the music was weird, but easily fixed, a lot of glowy bullet usage. The last spell was really well made as well. 

Phantom Total score: 8/10

Friend total score: 7/10

Total: 15/20



Darkness-

Phantom's Comments: 
HOLY! This is such a beautiful script, but it's so hard. Luckily, practice players exist, cheap shots are always there with the first two spells. 8/10

Friend's comments: 
It's such wonderful script, but it's a shame a lot of it gets crowded easily, and is really hard for your average player. 9/10

total:
17/20


Sparen -
Phantom's comments:
Ack that background does not like bullets. Second spell got really cluttered and hard to manuever. Ingenious use of Satori's abilities... 7/10

Friend's comments:
Well done, but the background is bright., and hard seems like it was not play tested at all... But still good. 6/10

total: 15/20



Rikako -

Phantom's Comments-
Eh, pretty decent, nothing too extravagant, things are too linear and too straight-forward. Second spell has that cheap shot if you aren't paying attention. 5/10

Friend's comments-
An OK script, but it's extremely easy even on Hard, aka lacks proper balancing, cheap shot in spell two, and the master spell was really the only thing that stood out. 6/10

total: 11/20


Spectral-

Phantom's Comments - 
Never. Please. Never. Set a character, I need to use practice characters for scripts when I judge, but pretty well done. Good job, kinda didn't like the complete rip of Miko's patterns during the last spell.... 6/10

Friend's comments-
Fun! I love this, very, very Futo-like! That background looks pretty good two, and for the most part this scripts was unique... until that last part. and being that was the huge part of the contest... 7/10

total 13/20

 

Kirbio-

Phantom's Comments-
This. Is. Beautiful. Hard, but really really enjoyable. The last spell has been the most unique so far. It's just so good. Great job! Only complaint is the first spell's warning for the knives are weird. 9/10

Freind's Comments -
An amazing script! I'm just in awe this is for sure one of, if not the best scripts from this contest. It's really well made. 10/10

total: 19/20


ShadowNCS-
Phantom's comments-
Woah bro, waaaaaay too hard, and cheap shots everywhere. Much improvement needed. 4/10

Friend's comments-
This wasn't even fun hard, this was just cheap shotting hard. That wheel of swords is just not fair, especially going into that nonspell... 3/10

total 7/20