Contradictory Catastrophe Reviews - TresserT's Mini Cirno Murderous Frenzy (or Marisa) - Played on Easyish

Danmaku Quality: For this I'll give the stage x/3 and the boss y/5, then sum the scores.

The stage opens to a bunch of really fast bullets that are thankfully aimed around you. What's not particularly fun to play is the portion with the (even faster?) aimed lasers that are very likely to cheapshot you the first time.

The fairies with rotating familiars are quite interesting, and I especially liked the variety that arrives before the "official" midboss Cirno fight.

I must point out that having the fairies overlap with Cirno herself is really, really ridiculous. Like, totally unfair.

Aside from this, Cirno's pretty good. I think the lasers in the first nonspell might not be very intuitive to dodge, but once you get past that it's quite fun! Her healthbars could use some toning down, since each attack felt kinda long-winded.

Overall I'll give the stage a 2.1/3.

As for the Marisa fight...

The first nonspell seems like it has really fast bullets at some point that are quite difficult to dodge. It's not impossible or anything, but just...really hard. The first spell is neat and rather easy compared to the nonspell before it. The second nonspell is...weird, but an interesting deviation from Marisa's usual theme. The second spell is interesting to watch but not very interesting to play.

The third nonspell I think is absolutely brilliant. Marisa's usually chaotic nature in her nonspells is instead turned into order. Great! The third spell isn't very well executed, though. The idea is nice and creative, but in execution it alternates between being pathetically easy when the round bullet formations are closer to Marisa, and ridiculously hard to deal with when they're further out. 

The fourth spell is kinda...cute, I guess. A logical explanation for Master Spark. The bombs that Marisa drops REALLY need to be more visible, considering the colors the background can turn. I like the idea. 

The survival card is really cool, if a bit long to play. I also apparently captured it despite dying three times during it?

Mysterious Beam by Method X is another decent idea. The execution is kinda boring with just a bunch of random-ish stars everywhere, but the idea should be fun if a bit unoriginal. The second phase is quite bizarre, the third phase is kinda cheap, and generally the yellow...blobs spaz about. Those issues make it not very fun to play.

Overall, I'll give Marisa a 2.5/5. This makes your total Danmaku Quality score 4.6/8, which can be converted to 63/100 if you'd like.

As for originality and creativity, this script is actually fairly original and creative. On the unoriginal front, the last spellcard is a serious offender but everything else is, for the most part, somewhat new and creative. I'll give you a 6 out of 8 for this.

For the Wildcard Category (as I'm not calling it) out of 4 points, I'll judge the visuals.

Visually, the script is fine. The backgrounds aren't a distraction and actually kinda pretty, and spell backgrounds aren't too distracting barring certain points. They earn a solid 2 from me. 

4.6 + 6 + 2 = 12.6/20.