RaNGE 15 Judgment: Sans Komeiji by Kirbio
 
All judgments by me will follow the following rubric:
Danmaku Quality*: 12/20
Character Relevance, Creativity, Originality: 4/20
Aesthetics: 4/20
 
*Is it fun to play? Cheap shots, boring sections, all things danmaku. Individual patterns will be graded out of 12 points, and then will be averaged.
 
Anyway, let's get started.
 

First up: Koishi.

Spell 1: Very interesting. Rewards quick players who go through gaps before the walls curl up and force you to dodge them. Great. Bullets from behind the player can happen sometimes but it's not unreasonable. 8/12.
 
Spell 2: Very good. Fits Koishi's (admittedly mostly fanmade) theme of screwing with the typical laws of danmaku. Stop-and-go bullets are shockingly fun to dodge. You're forced to think differently. As such, I really like this. 10/12.
 
From here it's a bit...hard to judge.

Kagerou's Section: Playing avoid the dog is pretty neat. Illusionary Doginance is also pretty neat. The dogs obscuring the bullets isn't very fun, but otherwise this is amusing and the danmaku isn't COMPLETELY unreasonable. It's a bit out of line in difficulty compared to the rest of the script, though. 7/12.

The Rest: Well, here we go.

As much as I love Undertale and fanworks based on it, I'm judging this based on the danmaku. How fun this is to play. Its fairness. It's funny and a good homage, but that's not what this contest is about. Like you said, the judges will certainly deduct your score. And I am a judge.

The amazingness of the Undertale references and such aside, this isn't really all that interesting to play. The patterns have difficulty all over the place and if you take away the UNDERTALE theme, are frankly a bit unreasonable, even if you know them coming. The Flowey boss simply is not good by itself. If that thing were in the middle of the game instead of at the end of the player's journey, with many many mechanics in play that mean that you have to go to great lengths to die, and without the plot significance it has, it would be ludicrously unfair. You did admittedly tone down some patterns here, but still: UNDERTALE without the undertale isn't all that great. 

I did like the Touhou-style recollections for the lost soul portions, though.

Koishi Hell I think of in much of the same way. It's fun by itself, but when taken seriously as a gameplay experience and not a joke it sorely falls short.

Sans is memorization hell, and even when Touhou-fied is still memorization hell. Sans, like Flowey, would be complete BS if it weren't for plot implications of the battle. Arguably he still is.

Like you said, it's mostly a troll script. Troll scripts don't fare well under judging. 0/12 would not play again nyeheheheheh.

Well, not that low.

You get a 3.5 for this. There are redeeming factors, but it is still a joke. Jokes are funny, but don't hold up to scrutiny very well when judged from a gameplay standpoint. tl;dr http://puu.sh/leBAX/18f1e0280b.jpg 

3.5/12.

Danmaku Total: (8+10+7+3.5)/4 = 7.13


Creativity-wise, this is also a tad lacking. It's endearing and funny, though at the same time it's nothing new, honestly. Lots of copypasted Undertale attacks without all that many changes, and the recollections aren't exactly original for obvious reasons. The first two spellcards are pretty good and resonate well with Koishi, I admit, but don't completely make up for everything else.

Creativity: 2/4.
 
Aesthetics are pretty fine, though. I really think the latter parts of the script could've used a background of any kind, but bullets on black are plenty readable. Work was put into visuals for sure.  
 
Aesthetics: 3/4.
 
Total Score: 7.13+2+3 = 12.13

You probably would've won a troll script contest, but I'm a party pooper and take things seriously :P