RaNGE 15 Judgment: Vigor's Maudit Cawhatnow?
 
All judgments by me will follow the following rubric:
Danmaku Quality*: 12/20
Character Relevance, Creativity, Originality: 4/20
Aesthetics: 4/20
 
*Is it fun to play? Cheap shots, boring sections, all things danmaku. Individual patterns will be graded out of 12 points, and then will be averaged.
 
Anyway, let's get started. A wild Orin has joined the battle!
 
Nonspell 1: This looks awesome. Unfortunately that's probably the best part of this. This is visually appealing, but the gameplay boils down to sidestepping the fancy aimed bullets and waiting for the next wave. Could be a fair bit shorter without losing much content. 6.75/12.
 
Nonspell 2: Rather nonstandard dodging. Flashy as always. I think it does a rather good job of demonstrating the gimmick by starting out immediately on top of the boss. However it still feels like a lot of waiting for something to happen, with the long lifebar and the player only being threatened for maybe a third of the attack. 6.5/12.
 
Nonspell 3: Micrododgy rings! Like the above attacks it feels like it drags on, but this attack is a constant threat and doesn't have much to any downtime. Good. 8/12.

And she's gone. Yay.

A wild Koishi appeared instead???

Nonspell 1: Drags on a fair bit less, great! Fairly fun to dodge but compared to Orin's eveything this feels really easy. Or maybe Orin is harder than the rest of Koishi. That is yet to be determined. 8.25/12

Spell 1: Maybe Orin is a fair bit harder than Koishi. Anyway, this attack is pretty cool but just boils down to more micrododging from many directions. Koishi decides that walls are lame and phases through them. Pretty interesting. 7.25/12.  
 
Nonspell 2: Hectic fast paced dodging, a good contrast to the earlier portions of the script. Can arguably be a bit too fast when the waves start to overlap. I found this very fun. Feels a bit generic though. 8.75/12.
 
Spell 2: Very interesting idea that also stays true to Koishi's character. Presents a good challenge. I dislike how the ADD kunai interact with the tracer glows, though; obscuring bullets reduces the time you have to read them. Despite this I quite like the concept for this pattern and find it great. 9/12.
 
Nonspell 3: This nonspell provides some fairly interesting curling walls. Feels fun. ...Not all that much I can say otherwise. 8.5/12.

Spell 3: Really easy until the blue hearts return, then really hard. As such it feels rather...binary, I'd say. It's fine but I think it could've been done better. 7/12.

Spell 4: Ooh, a survival. Unfortunately the first 30 seconds seem to largely be introducing the gimmick. Considering that's half of the card, that's not all that good. The rest of the card just feels like desperately trying to stay within a sporadically moving circle of safety. This is a nice spin on the idea of such a card, but it goes from cakewalk to unpredictable hard way too quickly. Could use some work. 4/12. 

Spell 5: A multi-phase finisher is always nice. This feels Koihsi-like: Complex, yet simple. The final transformation of the bullets to largeish bullets seems daunting but isn't that bad. I usually hate bullets coming from behind the player, but they're largesly slow so I find it fine. A nice way to end the script.  9/12.

Spell 6: Credits! Very..credit-like. Extremely gimmicky but not too hard, unique gameplay. Good. 8/12. 


Danmaku Total: (6.75+6.5+8+8.25+7.25+8.75+9+8.5+7+4+9+8)/12 = 7.583 
 
As for creativity, you were fine. Rin's attacks feel Rin-like, while a large chunk of Koishi's attacks feel less like Koishi and more like generic boss attacks. Original spins on existing patterns + new patterns.
 
Creativity: 3/4.
 
Aesthetics-wise, this script is excellent! Sounds leave more to be desired, but visually everything is impressive. Try not to go overboard on the glowy bullets, though.
 
Aesthetics: 3.25/4.
 
Total Score: 7.583 + 3 + 3.25 = 13.833