SHINKI LASER BATTLE by GENOCRAFT
(judged by TresserT)
 
Tested on Hard
 
Pattern 1: (5/10)
    The curvy lasers are hard to read, but other than that there's not much interesting going on here.
    The spammy blue lasers are just that- spam. So once you get past the weirdness of curvy lasers, there's nothing going on in this pattern.
 
Pattern 2: (6/10)
    I like how this pattern works. It reminds me of the original, but is different enough to be fresh.
    The absurd-wall-of-bullshit lasers are hard to read if you aren't expecting them. Once you know how they work... they're still kind of hard to read but OKAY!
    The temptation to just sit still for the aimed lasers is VERY high, which is what I like about this.
    However, there's nothing stoping you from doing a wide stream.
    In the original, the next wave started so quickly that if you were at the top of the screen you'd get shot in the face.
    Here there's enough time to stream up to the top, then go back down before the next wave. So sitting still on the aimed lasers is kind of pointless.
    In other words, the aimed wave is totally non-threatening so the only interesting part of this spell is figuring out how the white bs spawns.
    There's also a safespot anywhere above Shinki. 
 
Pattern 3: (4/10)
    Standard rain. pretty bland.
    If I can beat a pattern by sitting in one spot, with my eyes staring at that one spot, and just tapping left or right, its probably (probably) a boring pattern.
    Have the player move around, or force them to look somewhere other than their hitbox.
 
Pattern 4: (???/10)
    This is...... pretty much identical to Shinki's original pattern. I'm not sure if I can judge this.
 
Pattern 5: (5/10)
    This is kind of interesting. It can be tough to get a rhythm going, so dodging in and out of the red lasers isn't as easy as it seems at first.
    The purple laser kind of blends into the background though, so I have a hard time even seeing where it is.
    Ultimately it boils down to a simple back and forth spell, though. Once you DO get a rhythm going it becomes pretty boring.
 
Pattern 6: (4/10)
    Once again, the purple laser is difficult to see so it keeps cheapshotting me.
    Once you get past that, this is incredibly boring.
    Laser spawns, tap left. Laser spawns, tap right. Laser spawns, tap left. Laser spawns, tap right.
    There's nothing interesting to dodge here.
 
Pattern 7: (6/10)
    This has the same problems as pattern #3, though less so since the curvy lasers are a bit harder to read.
 
Overall: (30+???/70 = 43+?%)
    I feel this script tried too hard to be like the original.
    Some of the patterns felt like you just remade the original but replaced the bullets with short lasers.
    To make matters worse, you lost the charm of a lot of the original patterns anyway (such as patterns 2 and 6).
    I can't really give you suggestions on how to improve your style because you don't have your own style. It's like I'm just seeing ZUN's patterns reskinned.
    Try to deviate a bit more.