Crested judging for RaNGE 20: Hanami in Four Seasons by Andi.
Script contains 8 nonspells and 9 spells.
The only player script usable is a custom Aya.
Played and judged on Normal difficulty on Pointdevice.

I will be judging based on danmaku design, with a high focus on balance and creativity second.
Overall aesthetics are good and not distracting, hence no penalties will be issued.
I wasn't expecting a photography script, but it certainly works!

Nonspell 1: A good warmup for taking photos.
15/20

Summer Sign "Funeral Chrysanthemum": I like the way the flowers spawn, but isn't it just random spam in the end?
14/20

Nonspell 2: A bit too easy even on the second photo.
14/20

Autumn Sign "Haunted Amaranthus": Those petals curve really hard. It's a good pattern though.
16/20

Nonspell 3: Honestly it's kinda similar to the previous non in terms of dodging.
14/20

Winter Sign "Mountain Aconite": Nice pattern that mandates clearing the coins before they explode.
17/20

Nonspell 4: Komachi moving way more on the second photo makes it interesting.
16/20

Spring Sign "Corpse-Sweet Hyacinth": Good pattern that requires taking photos of clumps of petals to survive.
17/20

Nonspell 5: Rough streaming with some random coins. Good pattern.
16/20

Summer Night "Lilium Cemetery": Feels like just random spam everywhere...
13/20

Nonspell 6: The speed the bullets spawn at remind me of a Nue non. It's not very dense or difficult though.
13/20

Autumn Equinox "Murderous Higanbana": Very creative pattern, especially with how you ensured the extension of the stems were visible with the black tip.
Unfortunately this is the first spell that blends a little into the background.
17/20

Nonspell 7: Creative bullet spawning and fair difficulty. It's still random spam in the end though.
16/20

Longest Night "Asylum of Hellebore": While seemingly too dense at first glance I eventually realized the dense waves were aimed. Very nice pattern that uses the screen resizing to good effect.
19/20

Nonspell 8: The aimed part makes it not quite just random spam. Good pattern.
16/20

Spring Higan "Riverside Higanzakura": I got stuck here way longer than I'd like to admit. Also it crashed after I cleared it on the 56th try.
I'm not salty, I swear.
Seriously though, it's a tad too difficult. As pretty as it is, it's easy to get sniped by a random petal hurling in from the side.
14/20

Shinigami "Cycle of Life, Death and Rebirth": This is how you make a completely impossible final pattern if you leave Spring for last...
It's way too dense, much too chaotic and the screen resizing screws with the camera in a very unhelpful way and is kind of distracting.
And in the end, it's still a lot of random bullet spam.
I also managed to take two photos of Summer somehow and it cycled Fall and Spring and wouldn't let me take a picture of Fall.
Spring lasts way too short and the immense bullet spam from Higanzakura makes it really hard to get any charge going, even on Legacy.
A cool idea but very poor execution.
4/20

Overall: 14.8/20
The quality of the script is pretty high, but a lot of it comes down to just dodging random bullet spam and is tanked by the final.
I have to wonder if you could have compacted the script to just 4 nons and 5 spells, condensing the two ideas from each season into one. As is, the script is a little bit of a drag to play.
Still though, good job on the camera system. I won't be taking any points for the crash on Higanzakura seeing as you really did try to fix it.
(maybe turn off the debug window in the distributed version next time)