Contradictory Catastrophe Review - Waterbird and Empty Princess Thingy (Mokou and Kaguya by Zhan Fox)

Reimu's awfully bloodthirsty (or not), isn't she?

Anyway, Danmaku Quality.

The first nonspell is...certainly weird. The water streams move really weirdly and it's hard to anticipate where exactly they're going to go, so it's kinda cheap in that regard. I also can't seem to be able to kill this nonspell in time, but maybe that's intentional? The first spell is not fun and kinda ridiculous: The lasers that Kaguya shoot are hard to see, streaming curved lasers is really hard anyway, and the bosses move at different times causing generally ridiculous situations to dodge through. The health is also really high like most things in this script.

The second nonspell is better than the first, though the really fast falling fireballs are really hard to dodge through. The second spell is...certainly weird. Dodging pitch black bullets on a pitch black background is really silly but doable, and the fast falling white fireballs are certainly quick, but not too quick to dodge. Just barely. Overall a weird and not particularly exciting card.

The third nonspell brings back the ridiculously fast fireballs that are nearly impossible to dodge on reaction. I also kinda wonder what Kaguya is doing with those...things she shoots. The third spellcard is interesting but not very exciting, and the fireballs don't really give any indication that they'll stop, causing a panic bomb or two before you understand the spell.

The fourth nonspell brings back more fireballs, but instead of being absurdly fast they're moderately fast AND quite dense, too. The fourth spell is actually okay, but dodging through a lot of static amulets gets really boring quickly. The fi- oh wait the fight's over. Quite the ending

Danmaku Quality gets a 4.5 from me. It's not horrible but there's room for improvement (and more fairness).

As for originality and creativity, you do show some interesting ideas in your danmaku even if they aren't executed all that well. This is worthy of a 5.5.

Your visuals really aren't that great and some choices (like the discoloration hole) actually detract from the experience and make the danmaku really hard to see. Unless that's part of the gimmick. Even so, I don't really like them much and you get a 1.5 for it.

Total Score: 5.5 + 4.5 + 1.5 = 11.5.