Contradictory Catastrophe - Attack of the Purple and Blue Silhouettes (Lunarethic's Entry) - Hard Mode

Danmaku Quality - The first nonspell and spell are both interesting but rather easy in my opinion. The second nonspell is cool, kinda like Daiyousei but at the same time different. The second spell represents a medium jump in the difficulty (or maybe I'm bad at dodging in that way), elaborates on the gimmick introduced in the first nonspell, and is quite fun to play. The third nonspell returns to being rather easy for Hard mode, and the third spell has quite the interesting theme. I personally am horrible at it but I personally think it's fair. All of the curving might be a bit much for the player to handle, though. The fourth nonspell brings back Koakuma and introduces the light theme, which is interesting but maybe not the opposite of her ability. This also is another jump in the difficulty. The fourth spell I personally like, but the fact that the "rain" explodes into a bullet formation after a while isn't obvious and might kill some first time players. The fifth nonspell keeps up the difficulty increase, while the fifth spell brings it down a little. The fifth spell just might be the easiest spell of the batch, even if it is visually interesting.

Overall, your danmaku is fun to dodge and visually appealing, but the difficulty is mostly easy and not really worthy of Hard mode. This might not be a concern since it could just be a different difficulty scale than official Touhou games, but some attacks have a dramatic jump in difficulty to what might actually qualify as Touhou-style Hard Mode. As such, Danmaku Quality gets a 6.4 from me.

Originality and Creativity - This script is creative and quite original as well! I enjoyed all of the twists from their original character themes, and the ideas manifested themselves in the danmaku. This earns a solid 7.5.

Visuals/Effects - A lot of work was put into the visuals and effects, and it certainly shows. From how those orbs converge on certain locations, the art used and game frame, and even those lasers and explosions, this script deserves a full 4 for this category.

Total score: 6.4+7.5+4 = 17.9