IT'S SHOUTIME by PYTHON
(Judged by TresserT)

MAH FPS

Nonspell 1: (5/10)
	The nonspells are a huge pain to try and read...
	Just like the original Shou!
	There's nothing particularly interesting about the pattern other than the awkwardness of the lasers though.
	Still, it's quite stressful (which is a good thing).

Spell 1: (9/10)
	This is a very interesting card, I like it quite a bit.
	It didn't really understand what was going on at first so I died quickly- when the rings are so tiny at the start and the background has lots of yellow and orange, it can be hard to tell that the lasers are spawning.
	I enjoyed it very much though once I saw the lasers.

Nonspell 2: (4/10)
	....I wasn't expecting the lasers to continue curving after they speed up. This goes beyond the original Shou.
	Having the lasers continue changing their curves even when they're right next to the player is not a good idea.	
	It doesn't totally ruin the pattern though.

Spell 2: (10/10)
	This is a very fair, fun, and interesting pattern.
	I have no complaints.

Nonspell 3: (7/10)
	This one is significantly easier to read than the last two, though no easier to dodge.
	The way the lasers overlap juuuust slightly makes this an extremely stressful pattern (which is a good thing).	
	
Spell 3: (Total: 16/20 = 8/10)
	Phase 1: (5/5)
		Okay, this is really neat. I don't really have any other comments on this.
	Phase 2: (3/5)
		Almost as good as the first phase. Its too hard for me though...
		The way the bullets move is EXTREMELY disorienting. I can hardly even tell what's going on.
		I think this phase might be a bit *too* chaotic.
	Phase 3: (4/5)
		This is still an awesome concept. Its just.... way too hard, beyond anything I can do.
		This spell as a whole is noticeably more difficult than the rest of the script.
	Phase 4: (4/5)
		This one is actually doable for me, but its not as interesting as the other phases.
		Maybe because the white laser was removed? Though adding that would probably make it too hard...
		
Overall: (42/60 = 70%)
	I have complaints about one or two individual patterns, but the script as a whole is outstanding. 
	Your difficulty is absurd. You give infinite lives, though, so I can't be upset by that. 
	There are no cheapshots and everything feels fair (just hard), so maybe you just make scripts for someone who's just a better player than me XP