Crested judging for RaNGE 20: Seasonal Misplacement by Crescendo.
Script contains 4 nonspells and 7 spells.
No difficulty selection. Forced Reimu player script.

I will be judging based on danmaku design, with a high focus on balance and creativity second.
The spell background circle spins a little too fast and can be distracting, so I will have to issue a 0.5 point penalty.

Nonspell 1: Those white lasers look really unnatural, and I don't really see a reason for the stars to turn into them. Decent pattern though.
15/20

Borealis Sign - "Aurora Lasers": The whole thing being a bunch of slow lasers makes it kind of trivial...
13/20

Nonspell 2: The yellow stars are kind of interesting to dodge in what is otherwise random star spam.
16/20

Hanami Stars - "Pseudo Homing Petals": The stars stopping and turning into aimed lasers is an interesting idea but the pattern as a whole is just slightly altered streaming.
16/20

Nonspell 3: The different laser speeds makes this more interesting to dodge, though I think you could have maybe used a different color for the faster ones to prevent blending.
16/20

Sun Sign - "Glorious Summer": (that's... one way ot make a sun i guess)
The pellets are kind of dense and combined with the player focus aura can be difficult to see.
13/20

Nonspell 4: Good use of curvy lasers in what owuld otherwise be random star spam.
16/20

Falling Leaves - "Autumn Night": Good idea with the curvy lasers, though the large stars are kind of too sparse to pose a threat.
I'd also suggest spawning the curvy lasers slightly offscreen so there isn't an awkward bit of empty space on the leftmost/rightmost side.
16/20

Non-Dominant - "Cycle of Life and Death": Not sure what to think of this since I couldn't really figure out how to dodge this properly. The stars turning into aimed lasers definitely interferes with dodging the green orbs.
15.20

Dominant - "Polar Ends of Nature": I think you need a couple more bullets to make that a Master Spark.
Shaking aside it's not very challenging.
14/20

Stolen Weapon"Seasonal Stars": A decent mashup spell with a good base pattern. Not sure if the lasers really do anything though.
15/20

Overall: 14.5/20 (with -0.5 for spell background)
A decent script with some good ideas, though the laser spam is a little tiring.