Contradictory Catastrophe Review - Evil Frog Goddess and Absol (Suwako and Sanae by Bob)

Yay for reversals. Anyway, on with the review.

The first nonspell is quite fun to dodge. Not particularly new but a decent challenge. The first spellcard is equally challenging and just as fun, if not more so! The second nonspell seems to not last very long and has a lot of downtime, but the second spell definitely makes up for it. Horrible Cyclone is fast paced and presents the challenge of dodging from all sides. It might be a bit easy compared to the earlier portions of the script, though. The third nonspell is cool, though a better indication that bullets will be bouncing off the bottom of the screen would be nice. The third spell is...certainly weird. Really easy if you know how it works, quite unforgiving if you don't. Easily crumbled ground, eh? The fourth nonspell has the same issues of a lot of startup time, meaning that by the time the bullets reach you the boss is already nearly dead. The familiars that orbit you in the fourth spell are really scary and could cheapshot people since the first instinct is to run away, but once you understand how they work it's a nice spellcard. Quite long, though. The next...attack(dunno what to call it) is interesting but really hard, and getting rammed by Sanae isn't particularly fun. The attack afterwards is neat, but Suwako's portion can be really cheap/unexpected to deal with.

The last spell is...long. And weird. It's quite a bit harder than the rest of the script too. I personally think it's simply way too many elements to deal with in one spell but it's not horrible or anything.

Danmaku Quality earns a 6.

As for originality, the ideas used in this script are quite interesting and creative. The nonspells could be a tad more original, but overall I really like the changes you made to the characters. This earns you a 7.

As for the last category, visuals: Well, they're not BAD. Nothing particularly stands out, though. nice illuminati

This gets you a solid 2.1.

As such, your total score is 6+7+2.1 = 15.1