Tricky:

	A decent script that uses the hakkero mechanic well enough. Does have a key flaw, though: A lot of it is just streaming. Like, a LOT of it.

The stage portion was okay. The danmaku was fair and patterns had enough variety to not be completely boring. I really don’t like how the stage won’t progress until you kill all of the fairies, making the set of double purple kunai fairies a huge pain.

 Patchouli’s first nonspell: Pretty bland honestly. Has a long lifebar so it’s just rotating with the lasers for 20-25 seconds or so. At least give us some danmaku to dodge through alongside the lasers :(. The spellcard is better, since though the lasers moving surprised me at first, it isn’t cheap at all since they move fairly slow.

I like how Ran’s entrance has her shooting, and how you also get a free border so it’s not just a cheap shot. Ran, however, is where the attacks start to lose variety.

The first nonspell is a streaming one, but to Phantom’s credit it does get tricky if you only stream in one direction instead of moving back and forth constantly. Still streaming, though. The first spellcard, however, might as well be my least favorite attack in the script. It’s pretty fun until Ran starts moving. The lasers rotating slightly to the left + Ran moving to the right makes a weird effect that just disorients you (and kills you). The second nonspell tries to hide the fact that it’s streaming, but it’s still streaming.  The second spell is actually a bit of an oddity for Phantom: Though his lifebars tend to err on the long side, this one’s lifebar actually seems too short; you have to dodge maybe two waves of bubbles before it’s over. I like the concept, though. The last non is still streaming, but a tiny bit harder perhaps? The third spell is streaaaaaaaaming. Everything is aimed. Well, except for maybe the lasers. Not the most exciting thing, even with Chen involved. The next spell has a surprise for us! More streaming. I didn’t really notice the red amulets were aimed initially, though. The blue circles of amulets expanding is a pretty cool touch. The last pattern was sadly not that interesting, and has the problem a lot of Master Spark type attacks have: If you don’t misdirect the laser it takes forever, if you do it’s super short. Regardless of method, the walls of stars are pretty irritating to dodge through but still doable.

The ending message was a nice touch and gets you +0.00001 points. Or something.

Overall, has great ideas and a good theme, but follows that theme a little too closely. Ran might use streaming a lot in official games, but don’t be afraid to branch out from that!

As such, I’ll give you a 6.25.