Script: "The Boner and the Succ-Succ" by DLS or Guilmon or Dukemon or Whatever
Judge: Tres
 
Tested on Normal Weather, Hard and Extra difficulties.
 
Nonspell #1 (14/20)
    This is pretty decent.
    The aimed bullets aren't hard but aren't negligeable, same with the oval bullets.
    It's not the most interesting thing to dodge in the world, basic streaming, but it's a nonspell so that's okay.
 
Spell #1 (18/20)
    I actually like this a lot!
    It's an interesting take on Maze danmaku, I don't think I've ever seen anything quite like this before.
 
Spell #2 (4/20)
    ...I don't even understand how you're supposed to do this spell.
    Are you supposed to use your flashbomb or something? It's not easily streamable, so idk how that would work.
    I feel like there must be some trick I'm missing. But whatever it is, it's not obvious how to beat this spell at all.
 
Nonspell #2 (15/20)
    This is fine, not particularly bad but not the most interesting thing in the world either. But again it's a nonspell.
    Having something more interesting than just Sunny Milk spam would probably help this.
 
Spell #3 (12/20)
    This is an incredibly silly spell.
    At first I thought I was just supposed to circle around, but with the spam that's downright impossible.
    Eventually I realized you're supposed to use your flashbomb, but if you only stream one lane there just aren't enough bullets for it to be possible.
    I figured out that you have to go near Sese in the time between spam waves so that you can graze 2 lanes at once. But it took me 4 tries to figure that out.
    This is a very Shoot the Bullet type spell. It'd work in that kind of game, but this is a boss fight, not individual scenes.
 
Spell #4 (9/20)
    Once again a spell that relies heavily on flashbombs. It's much easier to get graze this time though.
    The pattern itself doesn't seem very coherent though. A lot of spam everywhere, not much of a pattern or gimmick.
 
Nonspell #3 (13/20)
    I can't tell if Shion's lasers are random or not, but it feels that way.
    They can sometimes be extremely non threatening, or sometimes a bunch will gang up on you and make it super difficult.
    Needs more balancing.
 
Spell #5 (7/10) (8/10) (3/10) = (12/20)
    Phase 1 is pretty simple but effective. No comments here, really.
    Phase 2 starts too quickly, I was still trying to dodge the last phase when Sese started shooting bullets at me. I didn't even realize it was aimed at first.
    Once you get past that, though, it's definitely the best of the 3 phases.
    Phase 3 is a lot like Spell #3, and it has all the same issues. Except this time it's much harder to graze multiple lanes. How even are you supposed to do this?
 
Aesthetic: 2/2. No issues.
Overall: 99/162 = 11.975/20
 
Closing Thoughts: The biggest problem is that, for a lot of your spells the solution is very obscure. There are a lot of "you have to figure out how to beat it then once you do it's trivial" type spells. Generally speaking, people don't play danmakufu scripts more than a few times, so having extremely puzzle-y spells isn't a good idea... Even if you were to make a full game, nobody wants to get to the last boss just to die to a pattern that's "oh, this isn't really possible to beat unless you know what's coming". I feel bad because of the entries this is one of my favorites, but I can't give a pattern a good score if the solution is too obscure for me to figure out.