LoCaA 11 Judging by Wish

Each pattern is judged out of 20 points:
?/9 - Creativity of patterns + use of Perfect Possession
?/8 - Fun factor + pattern design: is the pattern fun to play through? does it have any glaring flaws?
?/3 - Adequate challenge: if a pattern is too difficult or too easy this may be detracted from.

Overall aesthetics and experience will count for the equivalent of 1 pattern's worth of points.
?/7.5 - Graphics: This includes backgrounds, HUD, and everything involved but the patterns themselves.
?/7.5 - Sound: Did you pick a good soundtrack for this script?  This includes both music and sound effects.
?/5 - Details: Did you include a custom HUD?  Did you include a nice menu? Were there things about the script that made it stick out that deserve a mention?
This score is detracted from when there is a bad experience, coding errors, or general laziness when it comes to details.

The score of all patterns (including the experience "pattern") is added up, and then converted to a score out of 20.  Up to two decimal places are used, and scores will be rounded up to the nearest hundredth.

Script: Scharlachrote Besessenheit
Creator: Vigor
Difficulty Played: Normal (Immortal)
Player Used: Junky players (is it just me or is the focus speed fast again??)

Pattern 1 (Nonspell 1):
	Creativity/Perfect Possession (7/9): Remi interacts with Flan's nonspell in a nice way, good opener.
	Fun Factor/Pattern Design (6.5/8): Fun to dodge, a bit slower than I expected but there's a nice variety here.
	Adequate Challenge (3/3): Good for Normal mode.

Pattern 2 (Forbidden Art (Sanguine Pressure)):
	Creativity/Perfect Possession (7/9): The cross bullets are a nice touch, and Flan makes Remi's bullets more threatening.  I like it.
	Fun Factor/Pattern Design (6/8): The crosses are a little fast or dense, one of the two.  Makes going through them on the second wave a bit more tricky than it needs to be.  Otherwise it's fun!
	Adequate Challenge (2.5/3): A little bit too much.

Pattern 3 (Nonspell 2):
	Creativity/Perfect Possession (7.5/9): I really like the concept of this nonspell, using Remi's melee abilities well. Flan doesn't do too much but their danmaku does mesh a bit.
	Fun Factor/Pattern Design (6/8): The big wave of ADD-rendered balls seems too dense, it forces me upwards which puts me right in Flan's path.  I could micro through and go downwards which was probably intended, but it seems too fast to do that.  Other than that it was fun.
	Adequate Challenge (2.5/3): Again, a little too tricky.

Pattern 4 (Fateful Taboo (Crimson Fury)):
	Creativity/Perfect Possession (6/9): Used Laevatainn and a Remi-like chain attack, but the two didn't interact as much as I would like.
	Fun Factor/Pattern Design (4/8): It died before it got to do very much, but I liked dodging what I could.
	Adequate Challenge (2/3): Too easy for Normal.

Aesthetics and Experience:
	Graphics (6.5/7.5): Ah, the usual Vigor ADD-rendered everything.  Looked very nice.
	Sound (6.5/7.5): Music was really nice, good violin piece!  Sound effects were a little quiet.
	Details (4/5): Perfect Possession player is nice (the movement speed is glitched again, you might wanna check these players) and the dialogue was a good little detail.

Overall Score: 77/100
Converted Score: 15.4/20

Comments:
Nice work here Vigor!  Left me wanting more, for better or worse.  Interesting ideas thrown around here, and you used the mechanic fairly well.
Immortal Mode was appreciated, for stream or not, so I could focus on the attacks, hehe.
Thanks for entering, I'm looking forward to more of your work!