Wish's LoCaA 12 Judging - Make the Old New!
-=Awalys' Entry=-

Rubric:
-20 points per pattern - 10 points to creativity and pattern aesthetics, 10 points to fun factor and pattern design.
-20 points towards general aesthetics, sound, and little touches.
-20 x n points for general improvement over the original script - n is determined by how many patterns you have compared to the usual minimum amount (4), so the more patterns you have the higher this is worth.
At the end, the total points will be divided by the total possible points, and then multiplied by 20 to get your final score.

Pattern 1: Nonspell 1
Creativity: 8.5/10
Notes: Far from unheard of for Doremy standards, but it's really pretty and definitely feels like a Doremy pattern.  Having multiple different attacks within the nonspell is also fantastic.
Fun/Pattern Design: 8.5/10
Notes: Very fun to dodge and definitely does not feel unfair.  Good start!

Pattern 2: Dreamy Embrace "Into the Jaws of the Dream World"
Creativity: 10/10
Notes: Uses Doremy-like elements in a very new way, the pattern does feel very jaw-like without being inherently a jaw like what Momiji does.  I love it.
Fun/Pattern Design: 6/10
Notes: The pattern feels pretty good to dodge until the teal wave comes and forces me to move.  Forcing the player to move is fine, but it's too fast to the point where I can't react very well.

Pattern 3: Nonspell 2
Creativity: 8/10
Notes: I really like the use of the "ringballs" in the second part of the pattern and how it interacts with the standard Doremy "spiral" traps.
Fun/Pattern Design: 8/10
Notes: Very fun, moreso than the first one possibly.  Some bullets clump up in a pretty mean way but that's just Doremy for you.

Pattern 4: Rainbow Sign "Dream Station Train Derailment"
Creativity: 6.5/10
Notes: This is preeeeetty similar to her Ex spell of a similar title, but I'm glad you gave the spell some different elements like the first "train" in the wave splitting up, and then creating a bunch of them at once.
Fun/Pattern Design: 8/10
Notes: Thankfully for what this pattern lacks in creativity, it makes up for that in fun factor very well - a bit easy but still very good.  The trains add excitement.

Pattern 5: Nonspell 3
Creativity: 8/10
Notes: Slightly more standard than the other ones, but still very good in its own right.  I do like how the bullets unfold differently while still being Doremy-like.
Fun/Pattern Design: 8.5/10
Notes: A very fun non, possibly the most fun one to dodge - it's constantly bringing faster bullets which Doremy doesn't completely specialize in.

Pattern 6: Lovecraft "The Nightmare that Frightened Cthulhu"
Creativity: 10/10
Notes: Very pretty and mesmerizing, is Doremy-like without being something Doremy has already done, improves on the original spell a lot - in short, fantastic.
Fun/Pattern Design: 9/10
Notes: The most fun attack to dodge, too.  Hit it out of the ballpark with this one.

Pattern 7: Flashback "A Dream During One's Final Moments"
Creativity: 7.5/10
Notes: Definitely stands out from most other things and is very pretty.  Main complaint is that it's very similar to the original spell, like to a T, which gives it a sizable deduction.
Fun/Pattern Design: 5/10
Notes: Sorry to say but I didn't have a whole lot of fun with this one.  Once I figured out you can kinda rest in the center and only move once when you have to, then realign yourself, it became trivial.  I feel like if that were changed in some capacity it would be much better.

Improvement Score: 17/20 (After scaling by 7/4 - 29.75/35 )
Notes: In general it improved a sizable amount.  The first and third spells (as well as all the nonspells) are all much better than their previous counterparts, and the parts that were made worse were negligable (like removing the spell bar little touch, that was interesting.)
Other than that the final spell was almost exactly the same, which removed a small chunk here, but other than that, muy bueno.

Other things:
Aesthetics: 7.5/8
Notes: Very nice visual effects, they all work together quite well.  Shot sheet also looks great.
Sound: 7/8
Notes: Checker Dance is a bop and is a super fun song for the fight, I'm just not entirely sure it fits lol.  Very nice otherwise.
Extras: 4/4
Notes: The Junko intro and Doremy dab were extra meme and I loved it.

Score Ratio: 159.75/195
Final Score: 16.38/20

Final notes: This is very nice Awalys, possibly the best thing I've ever seen from you.  I'm impressed, let's see you keep this going!