Wish's LoCaA 12 Judging - Make the Old New!
-=Zinochan's Entry=-

Rubric:
-20 points per pattern - 10 points to creativity and pattern aesthetics, 10 points to fun factor and pattern design.
-20 points towards general aesthetics, sound, and little touches.
-20 x n points for general improvement over the original script - n is determined by how many patterns you have compared to the usual minimum amount (4), so the more patterns you have the higher this is worth.
At the end, the total points will be divided by the total possible points, and then multiplied by 20 to get your final score.

Pattern 1: Nonspell 1
Creativity: 5.5/10
Notes: A quite simple first non in terms of creativity, not bad but not great.
Fun/Pattern Design: 6.5/10
Notes: Pretty simple to dodge but it's not inherently bad.  Pretty easy for Normal though.

Pattern 2: Gracious Music "Hymn of Valor"
Creativity: 8/10
Notes: Pretty and curvy and features some curvy lasers that look pretty good.
Fun/Pattern Design: 7/10
Notes: It's relatively fun to dodge, at least compared to the last nonspell, but I don't see what the curvy laser adds to the pattern...a set piece with no purpose.

Pattern 3: Nonspell 1
Creativity: 5/10
Notes: Another very simple spiral non with not much to make it stand out aside from it changing speed.
Fun/Pattern Design: 6/10
Notes: Somehow even easier than the first non - the changing speed only makes it easier.

Pattern 4: Beautiful Sound "Aria of Perserverance"
Creativity: 7/10
Notes: Definitely an improvement over the original spell but not a pattern that's completely unheard of.
Fun/Pattern Design: 5/10
Notes: It's pretty standard to dodge, and the aimed section at the end is just strange and clips me for little reason.

Pattern 5: Joy "Song of Celerity"
Creativity: 7.5/10
Notes: Round and round we go.  I like the way the bullets unfold but other than that it's good.
Fun/Pattern Design: 8/10
Notes: I actually really like how it forces me to move around a lot, almost like I'm dancing to the pattern.

Pattern 6: Concerto "Crescendo"
Creativity: 5/10
Notes: A pretty standard spell, with crescendo blasts and all (even though a crescendo is a gradual increase in volume...my music nerdiness aside it's fine)
Fun/Pattern Design: 3/10
Notes: The bullet waves give so little warning, especially when trying to PoC - otherwise it's standard and very easy.

Improvement Score: 14/20 (After scaling by 6/4 - 21/30 )
Notes: All in all it definitely improved over the original - though that's not the hardest thing to do.
I think as an overall experience it definitely seems like you've improved, especially as a DNH coder given the whole system and package, 
but similar to before the pattern creativity being not as much as I would like brings down the experience for me.
All in all it doesn't stand out the way I would like it to, which is a shame, because it looks like your coding skills are very good.

Other things:
Aesthetics: 4/8
Notes: It's clear that a lot of effort went into the aesthetics here for better or worse...I find a lot of things to clash.
The life piece animation is super smooth while the player graphic looks hand drawn and strange - the hitbox also blends in super well so I can't see it at all.  And that's only one example.
The colors on the HUD are another example of clashing - it just looks strange and surreal to me.
Sound: 6/8
Notes: The OST is very EDM...not my thing but it still works and there's no other glaring issues so it's fine.
Extras: 4/4
Notes: This script definitely gets an A for effort - the custom executable, package, system, etc. all look custom made for this script and that really shows how much care you put into it.

Score Ratio: 108.5/170
Final Score: 12.76/20

Final notes: If you're looking at my score thinking "man, that sure is a low score" then don't lose hope!  
This script was good but I feel like if you stepped up your game in your patterns I could see you making scripts that are so much better!