Wish's LoCaA 12 Judging - Make the Old New!
-=Umbra's Entry=-

Rubric:
-20 points per pattern - 10 points to creativity and pattern aesthetics, 10 points to fun factor and pattern design.
-20 points towards general aesthetics, sound, and little touches.
-20 x n points for general improvement over the original script - n is determined by how many patterns you have compared to the usual minimum amount (4), so the more patterns you have the higher this is worth.
At the end, the total points will be divided by the total possible points, and then multiplied by 20 to get your final score.

*Suzumi: ur mom gay*

Pattern 1: Suzoom Nonspell 1
Creativity: 6/10
Notes: About what I'd expect from a Len'en nonspell.  Some randomness with maybe some aimed stuff thrown in is Len'en nonspell's trademark.
Fun/Pattern Design: 8/10
Notes: It's certainly fun to dodge, and the aimed stuff makes the otherwise normal rings and random knives more of an obstacle.

Pattern 2: Memory Card "Reverie Revived"
Creativity: 8.5/10
Notes: Nice use of Suzumi's powers to not only recall memories but change them in the same card.  Rare to see those two things done together.
Fun/Pattern Design: 8/10
Notes: The three-way stream of bullets fired at one point doesn't seem to do much of anything, so it's a bit of a pointless set piece unless the RNG aligns, but otherwise it's fun to dodge.

Pattern 3: Repeat "Neverending Thought"
Creativity: 4/10
Notes: I understand that Len'en relies pretty heavily on RNG for patterns, but this is *just* random knives with nothing else to them.
Fun/Pattern Design: 5/10
Notes: Somewhat fun if only because getting trapped by the knives and working your way out of it can be interesting, but also walls sometimes with no way out.

*Tsurubami: no u*

Pattern 4: Tsurubami Nonspell 1
Creativity: 7/10
Notes: Standard Tsurubami for the most part - the way the bullets are spawned are a bit different - which mostly affects the next section.
Fun/Pattern Design: 9/10
Notes: I like how the way the waves are spawned makes me have to dodge this a bit more dynamically.  The best pattern to play so far.

Pattern 5: Ink Card "Ink-Dragon Camoflauge"
Creativity: 8.5/10
Notes: Usually monochrome death lasers are Tsubakura's thing, but Tsurubami does it in a pretty deadly and different way.  I like it.
Fun/Pattern Design: 8/10
Notes: Very fast paced.  Sometimes running into random bullets is pretty annoying, and the lasers come pretty dangerously close to catching up with the player even moving at full speed - if you focus for more than a second, you're pretty much dead.

Pattern 6: Drown Card "L'appel du Vide"
Creativity: 9/10
Notes: I like how this changes how Tsurubami's gimmick of hiding bullets is used and confines it to certain areas of the screen.
Fun/Pattern Design: 6.5/10
Notes: I still don't like bullets being hidden from view but thankfully the pattern is simple enough to make it not so dreadful.

Pattern 7: "Border of Mugenri -Front and Back-"
Creativity: 7/10
Notes: My main complaint is that this uses Tsurubami's abilities far more than Suzumi's - more hiding bullets and not enough memory messing, at least visibly.
Fun/Pattern Design: 6.5/10
Notes: It's alright to play against, but I find myself being caught off guard by random knives a bit too often for my liking.

Improvement Score: 14/20 (After scaling by 7/4 - 24.5/35 )
Notes: This script is pretty improved from the original, but not as much as I wish it was in some areas - particularly with Suzumi solo's final spell and the overall final spell (for the former the original honestly looked better, and the latter is basically the same as the original)

Other things:
Aesthetics: 7/8
Notes: Typical Len'en system but the use of your own art was nice (and it's gotten a lot better!!)
Sound: 7/8
Notes: Was very surprised to hear such a chilled rendition of Suzumi and Tsurubami's themes playing but I'm not complaining - this script as a whole felt pretty chill.
Extras: 4/4
Notes: The use of your own art as well as the exchange between the two opponents in between RMI boss 4 phases was good use of small details.

Score Ratio: 143.5/195
Final Score: 14.71/20

Final notes: I see something new and interesting from each script you make, Umbra.  Even if I liked the Reimu-Yukari script you made a while back better, this was still nice to play.