Wish's LoCaA 12 Judging - Make the Old New!
-=Vigor's Entry=-

Rubric:
-20 points per pattern - 10 points to creativity and pattern aesthetics, 10 points to fun factor and pattern design.
-20 points towards general aesthetics, sound, and little touches.
-20 x n points for general improvement over the original script - n is determined by how many patterns you have compared to the usual minimum amount (4), so the more patterns you have the higher this is worth.
At the end, the total points will be divided by the total possible points, and then multiplied by 20 to get your final score.

Pattern 1: Nonspell 1
Creativity: 7/10
Notes: Pretty typical Kogasa stuff, but done in a good and pretty way.
Fun/Pattern Design: 7/10
Notes: I died several more times than I should have on this...oddly difficult for such a simple opener.

Pattern 2: Colorful Flash "Shaking Rainbow from the Morning Dew"
Creativity: 10/10
Notes: By far the best attack in the script - super pretty, Kogasa-like but nothing too crazy, very new concept - yes!
Fun/Pattern Design: 10/10
Notes: Very fun to dodge too.  At first glance it looks really dense but once it opens up it becomes fun while not being too challenging.  Excellent.

Pattern 3: Nonspell 2
Creativity: 9/10
Notes: Mixes the idea of Kogasa's spinning lasers with a pretty looking bullet pattern that makes sense for her. 
Fun/Pattern Design: 3/10
Notes: This is where I start to have some issues - at first the bullets strung along by the delay lasers are fine, but they have a tendency to wall suuuuper easily and I can't play this pattern for the life of me as a result.

Pattern 4: Wonder Halo "Transient Light of Surprise"
Creativity: 7.5/10
Notes: Very pretty but is also very typical of Kogasa as well - I don't see a lot of pushing the boundaries here.
Fun/Pattern Design: 7/10
Notes: Fun to dodge but ultimately pretty standard dodging.  A bit too short for my liking too. 

Improvement Score: 10/20 (After scaling by 4/4 - 10/20 )
Notes: I hate to be a downer with this score, but I honestly didn't think this script improved nearly as much as I would've liked.
A lot of little touches got notable upgrades, but on top of having nearly half the patterns of the original, most of the new patterns didn't stand out as much as the original patterns.
I don't want to knock off more than what I already have of the improvement score, because there's quite a bit that's better here (first spell was one of my favorite attacks out of this whole contest) but it could have been a lot better.

Other things:
Aesthetics: 8/8
Notes: Vigor + ADD rendering OTP.  Jokes aside the script looks incredible.
Sound: 7/8
Notes: Sound in general was very good, not many other comments here.
Extras: 2/4
Notes: Having other difficulties was nice but other than that I didn't see much in terms of little details.

Score Ratio: 87.5/120
Final Score: 14.58/20

Final notes: I don't know if there just wasn't a lot of time to complete this entry on your end, Vigor, but it definitely left me wanting more.  
This script is great, but I feel like comparing it to the original brought it down in terms of this contest's guidelines.